Invite people you don't know to take a selfie together with you then upload it to snapgram
Take random numbers from your contacts and text them "I'm pregnant".
Take whatever drink is near you then mix it with chilies and drink!
Take a random number from your contact, call him, and say "I love you"
Buy the cheapest meal in the canteen (or buy a bottle of aqua) and tell your classmate sobbing "This is the most expensive food I've ever bought."
Buy a bottle of coca cola and splash the flowers with the coca cola in front of the crowd.
Stand near the refrigerator, close your eyes, choose random food in it, even when you eat, your eyes must be closed.
Standing in the middle of the basketball court and shouting, "I LOVE YOU MY PRINCE / MY Daughter"
Salute someone in class, then say "Servant at your service, Your Majesty."
Clapping and singing the song "Happy Birthday" from the classroom to the hallway.
Get down on one knee and say "Marry me?" with the first person who entered the room.
Make absurd headdresses from tissue, whatever it is, keep asking poses in front of the camera, keep uploading
Say "YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL / GANTENG SO AWESOME" to the girl you think is the most beautiful in this class
Tell someone in class, "I was just told I was your twin first, we got separated, then I had plastic surgery. And this is the most serious thing I have ever said."
Throw someone's notebook into the trash, in front of his eyes, saying "This book contains no one can understand"
Pull out your own leg hair 3 times!
Chat between your parents, tell them that you miss them complete with sad emoticons.
Try searching google for horrible or ridiculous things like trypophobia, etc.
Sitting relaxed in the middle of the basketball court pretending it's a sunbathing beach.
Fill mouth full of water and must hold up to two rounds. If laugh and spill or drink, then have to refill and add another round.
Shake a hand with the first person who walks into this room and says "Welcome to Who Wants To Be a Millionaire!"
Text your parents "Hi, bro! I just bought the latest issue of Playboy magazine!"
Text your parents, "Ma, Pa, I already know that I am the adopted child of the orphanage. Don't hide this anymore."
Text three random numbers in your contacts and write "I just became a model for Playboy magazine."
Eat one tablespoon of sweet soy sauce and soy sauce!
Eat something but don't use your hands.
Get angry with your friends who didn't come even though they promised to play "truth or dare" together "
Crack eggs using your head!
Eat food that has been mixed and must have tasted strange, but make sure that the food is not harmful to long-term or short-term health.
Dancing Girls Generation style for boys in front of class, or dancing Super Junior style for girls.
Hoisting flagpole without flag.
Digging up a crush, closest friends, the opposite sex who is not known at all and the like.
Mimicking the hairstyles of all your friends.
Singing the Munni Badnam song in front of many people while dancing
Singing the Baby Shark song loudly in the classroom.
Transfer something to the neighbors
Get an autograph on the fiercest teacher and say "You are truly the person I admire the most in the world."
Asking someone (random / random) on the street for money saying "I don't have money to take an angkot."
Drinking something that has been made / agreed upon, but is sure it's not dangerous, like drinking salted syrup and adding soy sauce.
Talking to your crush, emoticon-Fear, chatting, chatting with girls is okay, via anywhere you can.
Singing favorite songs in Disney movies outside the house screaming.
Mention 1 blue to 20 blue quickly and don't make mistakes. If it is wrong then it must be started from the beginning.
Put on a dummy crown of book paper and tell everyone in the room "RESPECT TO THE PRIVATE KING" while pointing at each person with a ruler.
Wearing the pants backwards until the next morning.
Hug the person you DON'T like in class and say, "Thank you so much for being willing to be the nicest person for me."
Go to a wide field, then run as fast as you can, saying "I'm crazy I'm crazy"
Pick flowers then plug the flowers into people you don't know (you have to be of the opposite sex)
Pick a random person on the street, then say "You don't know you're beautiful" (a la One Direction)
Pretend to be possessed ex: possessed by a tiger etc.
Tell him to whistle when his mouth is full of food.
Tell you to be a waiter to serve you and your friends for lunch.
Tell them to wear socks to make gloves.
Have to wear the weirdest hat / the most absurd helmet during the next round.
Call your mama and say "ma, I want to get married as soon as possible"
Call your ex and say "I miss you"
Trade clothes with the closest person until the next round.
Status updates on BBM, Line, WA, or whatever with words that all start with "S"
Upload a singing video to YouTube where you sing popular songs
Paint the toenails and hands but in different colors for the week.
eat 2 tablespoons of rice without any side dishes, if you drag, you can drink,
spill people who make you heartbroken,
phone crush / girlfriend now and ss to the player,
Drop Emotional "ðŸ¦„ðŸ’¨" every typing on GC / PC for 1 day.,
say the words "Welcome to Who Wants To Be a Millionaire!" to all the groups you have,
angry about not clear to the audience sw you order 30,
ex phone says miss,
sing the last song you set on ringtone,
Msg your ex / crush / girlfriend, said hi (name), want to call, just wait. I missðŸ¥ºðŸ‘‰ðŸ¼ðŸ‘ˆðŸ¼ ",
pressing on the table (which is at home) until you are scolded for being noisy,
shop (grab / gofood) for one of the players here, it's up to who. budget below 25k,
Telling random people "I was just told I was your twin first, we were separated, then I had plastic surgery. And this>
mention the name of the ex,
make 1 rhyme for the first player !,
ss chat wa,
random people chat in gali language then ss here,
tell your own version of shame,
hated person tag,
Pretend to be possessed, for example: maung possession, locust possession, refrigerator possession, etc.,
change the name to "BOWO" for 24 hours,
shout "anime is gay" in front of your house,
snap / post girlfriend / crush photos,
state your boyfriend type!
said "i hv crush on you, want to be my boyfriend or not?" to the opposite sex you last chat (hand over on wa / tele), wait for him to reply, if already>
voice record read surah al-kautsar,
prank chat ex and say "i love u, reply back." without dare !,
chat to contact wa the order according to your% battery, keep telling him "i lucky to hv you!",
Change the name to "I'm a Gay" for 5 hours,
type in Sundanese for 24 hours,
use sule photos for 3 days,
drop the song / quote quote, continue to tag the appropriate member for that quote,
send a voice note say can i call u baby ?,
ss recent whatsapp call,
Say "YOU'RE SO BEAUTIFUL ARE NOT FRIENDS" to guys !,
Gali to a member of the group
