What’s the last lie you told?
What was the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done on a date?
Have you ever accidentally hit something (or someone!) with your car?
Name someone you’ve pretended to like but actually couldn’t stand.
What’s your most bizarre nickname?
What’s been your most physically painful experience?
What bridges are you glad that you burned?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on public transportation?
If you met a genie what would your three wishes be?
If you could write anyone on Earth in for President of the United States who would it be and why?
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone else?
Who was your worst kiss ever?
What’s one thing you’d do if you knew there no consequences?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done in front of a mirror?
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said about someone else?
What’s something you love to do with your friends that you’d never do in front of your partner?
Who are you most jealous of?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Have you ever faked sick to get out of a party?
Who’s the oldest person you’ve dated?
How many selfies do you take a day?
Meatloaf says he’d do anything for love but he won’t do “that.” What’s your “that?”
How many times a week do you wear the same pants?
Would you date your high school crush today?
Where are you ticklish?
Do you believe in any superstitions? If so which ones?
What’s one movie you’re embarrassed to admit you enjoy?
What’s your most embarrassing grooming habit?
When’s the last time you apologized? What for?
How do you really feel about the Twilight saga?
Where do most of your embarrassing odors come from?
Have you ever considered cheating on a partner?
Have you ever cheated on a partner?
Boxers or briefs?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
What’s the weirdest place you’ve ever grown hair?
If you were guaranteed to never get caught who on Earth would you murder?
What’s the cheapest gift you’ve ever gotten for someone else?
What app do you waste the most time on?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done on a plane?
Have you ever been nude in public?
How many gossip blogs do you read a day?
What is the youngest age partner you’d date?
Have you ever picked your nose in public?
Have you ever lied about your age?
If you had to delete one app from your phone which one would it be?
What’s your most embarrassing late night purchase?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without showering?
Have you ever used a fake ID?
Who’s your hall pass?
Be honest: Do you have a favorite child?
Which of your family members annoys you the most and why?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What’s your biggest pet peeve about the person to your left?
What’s the most embarrassing text in your phone right now?
Have you ever seen a dead body?
What celebrity do you think is overrated?
Have you ever lied to your boss?
Have you ever stolen something from work?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without brushing your teeth?
What’s your biggest regret in life?
Who would you hate to see naked?
Describe the weirdest thing you’ve ever done while inebriated.
Have you ever regifted a present?
Would you break up with your partner for \$1 million?
Have you ever had a crush on a coworker?
Do you still have feelings for any of your exes?
What’s the smallest tip you’ve ever left at a restaurant?
Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush or partner’s attention?
What’s one job you could never do?
Have you ever ghosted a friend?
Have you ever ghosted a partner?
What’s the most scandalous photo in your cloud?
If you switched genders for a day what would you do?
How many photo editing apps do you have on your phone?
How many pairs of granny panties do you own?
What are your favorite and least favorite of your body parts?
When’s the last time you got dumped?
What’s the most childish thing you still do?
When’s the last time you dumped someone?
If you had to pick someone in this room to be your partner on a game show who would it be and why?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
Have you ever lied for a friend?
Name one thing you’d change about every person in this room.
When’s the last time you made someone else cry?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
If you could become invisible what’s the worst thing you’d do?
After you’ve dropped a piece of food what’s the longest time you’ve left it on the floor before eating it?
What’s one thing in your life you wish you could change?
If you could date two people at once would you do it? If so who?
What’s something that overwhelms you?
What was the greatest day of your life?
What’s one useless skill you’d love to learn anyway?
If I went through your cabinets what’s the weirdest thing I’d find?
Have you ever farted and blamed it on someone else?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?
How many people have you kissed?
What’s your number?
Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?
What’s your most absurd dealbreaker?
What tv show do you hate the most? Give the reason!
What's the ugliest (in your opinion) dress you've ever worn, and when did you wear it?
What's the worst thing (gossip) you've ever said about your friend?
What's the most embarrassing thing about you?
What's the most embarrassing thing about your friend?
What's the first thing you see when you look at other people (of the opposite sex)?
What's the first thing that comes to your mind when you look in the mirror?
What's the stupidest thing you've ever done?
What's the stupidest thing you've ever done?
What's your biggest fear?
What's the worst nightmare you've ever had?
What is the silliest dream that you remember until now?
What's the most ridiculous job you ever imagined you would become?
What's your worst trait in your opinion?
What traits do you want to change from yourself?
What traits do you want to change from your friend?
What would you do if your boyfriend said your nose or fingers were bad?
What do you think before you sleep? ex: fantasies about dating, etc.
What do you think stands out the most about yourself?
Which part of your friend's body do you like and want you to have the most?
Which part of your body do you hate the most?
Of all the classes in the school, which class do you most want to attend and which class do you most want to avoid?
Describe your closest friends!
Describe yourself in one word!
What movies and songs have made you cry?
What have you been keeping secret until now that no one knows about?
What is the most romantic thing that someone (of the opposite sex) has ever done or loved to you?
What disgusting things have you experienced?
If you were born again and had to be one of your friends, who would you choose to be him?
If you have super power, what do you want to do?
If the end of the world is imminent, what are you doing?
If you were asked to have plastic surgery with facial samples from your classmates, whose face would you imitate?
Have you ever stolen something?
Are you afraid to die? Why?
When was the last time you cried and why?
What's your special ability?
How can you like someone you like?
In your opinion, what are the good qualities of your closest friend that he is not aware of?
What kind of person do you want to marry someday?
What is the hottest job in your opinion for the friend sitting next to you? And why?
Who do you want to exchange for a day? (the closest you both know) and why
Have you ever secretly hoped that someone's relationship with his girlfriend would break up? Who?
Choose boyfriend or friend? why?
What quote do you remember and like the most?
What secrets have you not told your friends until now?
Who are your role models that are really your role models?
Who among your friends do you think is material?
Which of your friends do you think has the least haircut?
Which of your friends is the most NOT photogenic and if you take a photo, he laughs really ugly?
Who is your most beautiful ex? and why did you guys break up ?!
What is the name of the artist that you have been talking about secretly?
What was the name of the male teacher that you liked in the past?
What is the name of your friend's ex-girlfriend that you once liked secretly?
What are the names of people (of the opposite sex) that you think would be fun being your boyfriend?
What is the name of the person you hate, but you think that person likes you (doesn't have to be the opposite sex)?
What is the name of the person you have covertly picked up?
Who is the person (of the opposite sex) that comes to your mind the most?
Who is the most annoying person among your friends? the reason!
Who among your friends do you think you should make-over?
Who is closest to your ideal partner type here
Father or mother 
The part of your body that you don't like
What do you like ilfil about
Have you ever had an affair?
Ever kissed?
How many days / month / year at least?
What's the first thing you would do if you woke up as the opposite sex?
Have you ever let someone else get into trouble for something you did?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's the most ridiculous reason that you ever broke up with someone?
What's the worst habit you have?
What do you think is your best feature? And what's the worst?
What's the most daring thing you've ever done?
Who in the round would you like to enchant pork?
When was the last time you peed the bed?
What do you most dream about sleeping?
If you are going to make money illegally, how do you make it?
What childish are you still doing?
If you are blind, who will be your guide dog?
What impresses you the most?
If you're allowed to use only 3 words for the rest of the evening from now on - which would it be?
If you were a dictator, which law would you invite first?
If you lived during the Nazi era, who would you be?
What was the most embarrassing experience during school / study time / education / last year?
What's the biggest mistake in your life?
What would you never do - even if you knew you only had 12 hours left to live?
What violations have you committed?
Tell me a secret from your childhood.
What is your greatest (secret) representative?
What would you like to do with me… (or person xy), if you can then erase his (her,…) memory?
What's the worst thing you've ever done to anyone?
Who do you like the most?
Have you ever fallen in love with one who attended?
If you were a vampire, which of us would you be biting right now?
What's the worst thing you've ever had?
What's your worst basket?
Have you ever defecated in public?
What is your darkest fantasy?
What's the best thing you've had with other people?
What's your biggest turn-off?
What do you like the most about your body and what is the worst?
Which of our rounds would you like to see naked?
Who in this round could you fall in love with?
Have you ever had an erotic dream in which someone from this round happened?
If you were going to tattoo yourself on the genital area - what would be there?
What is more important in a relationship - sex or love?
Do you think sex is cool, good, okay, fun sometimes - or not that important to you?
What makes you really make love?
How many times a week / month do you have sex - and how often do you want to have sex?
How many sex partners have you slept with?
Which body part makes you the most?
How, where and with whom did you first start out?
How important is extended foreplay to you?
What should a man / woman do to flirt with you?
Have you been three of you? And how do you like it?
Have you had sex with a good friend?
Have you had sex with any of these groups - except your partner?
What animal suits you best and why?
What's your worst date?
Who do you want to kiss now?
What's your secret, dark fantasy?
Would you rather tattoo your ass or prick your tongue?
Are you always loyal?
Do you have a teen crush?
Where did you fall in love?
Which celebrity would you like to date?
What was the most embarrassing time in your life?
Which mouth do you like the most from the group here?
Which player has the most beautiful hand?
Where was your first kiss?
Who in the round do you want to kiss the most?
Who at the table is probably the most amused?
What's the biggest mistake in your life?
Did something embarrassing happen to you on a date?
Have you been in contact with drugs?
Which person do you want to kiss right now?
When was the last time you got drunk?
Have you ever cheated on school exams?
Have you ever stolen anything in the past?
Do you snore at night?
Which is your favorite song?
Which players will you trade with for 1 week and why?
You moved to a lonely island, who did you bring from here?
What are you most afraid of?
Where are you shaving everywhere?
Do you have a nickname?
Did you look in the toilet before washing?
Who gave you the worst heartache?
How many times have you kissed?
What's the most embarrassing thing that ever happened to you?
How many types / girls have you kissed?
Who are you in love with?
Which star do you like?
Did you start something with XY (enter name)?
Have you ever stolen anything?

